Add note about overriding before applying a run (#1642)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/cloud/api/run.html.md

Applies a run that is paused waiting for confirmation after a plan. This includes runs in the "needs confirmation" and "policy checked" states. This action is only required for runs that can't be auto-applied. Plans can be auto-applied if the auto-apply setting is enabled on the workspace and the plan was queued by a new VCS commit or by a user with permission to apply runs for the workspace.

> -> **Note:** If the run has a soft failed sentinel policy, you will need to [override the policy check](./policy-checks.html#override-policy) before the run can be applied. Policy check details be found in the `relationships` section of the [run details endpoint](#get-run-details) response.

Reviewer: Updating for active voice and fixing a small typo in your second sentence :-) 

```suggestion
-> **Note:** If the run has a soft failed sentinel policy, you will need to [override the policy check](./policy-checks.html#override-policy) before Terraform can apply the run. You can find policy check details in the `relationships` section of the [run details endpoint](#get-run-details) response.
```
